---
layout: vivian
title: Fountain Pen
character: vivian
---
{% include collapsible.html title="Page 1" content="
You find yourself sitting at a desk with an ancient fountain pen in hand. It could also be a typewriter, a keyboard, a pencil... anything you may feel like using to write out your thoughts on some occasion or another. Today though, like most days, it's your fountain pen. You place the tip of the pen to the paper, and your reality abruptly contradicts itself - you're already writing. As this twist in your perception washes over you, you find myself acutely aware of the sensations coursing through me as I write. I feel the ink filling my veins again. It moves unnaturally, draining first from the center of my skull. It creeps down the back of my neck, crawling cold and quiet beneath my skin. It trickles down my spine for a distance before making its way to the center of my chest. I feel it, cold and bracing, filling my heart. The pain anchors me to the spot, keeping me here, lost in the ink. My veins carry it as it courses through me, and every sensation is impossibly visceral. After the ink rests in my heart for several beats, it begins to travel towards my hand, my pen. Where it moves in my arm, I see ink-dark veins pulsing underneath my skin. The words continue to flow. The veins creep and crawl down my shoulder, my forearm, my wrist, pulsing in time with my heavy heart. The veins crawl and twist up my hand, my fingers, my fingertips, bulging as though enraged. Where the ink reaches my fingertips, I feel the sharpest pain of all. I'm never sure, though, whether it's that wound which hurts the most, or the biting sense of loss as the thoughts leave me and take a concrete form, never to change again. I know that they must leave me. I know, too, that I will be glad once they're gone, once they're safe. It is a wonder, though, that I can ever read these back, what with the messy ink- and tear-stains.

My headache sharpens. I pause to collect myself." %}

{% include collapsible.html title="Page 2" content="I return my pen to the paper, on a second page. I consider lamenting the ink stains now smeared on my forehead. A thought plays across my mind that I may regret placing my fingertips against the table as I did. In passing, I wonder how difficult the new ink stains on my clothing and carpet may be to clean. I ultimately fail to find any distress in myself, though, as I had expected nothing else. I will simply wash them once my head is clear, as always. Despite having poured so much of myself out, however, my head is still full. It continues thumping painfully with the slow, labored beating of my heart. My skin has gone numb from the cold. Still, though, I feel the pulsating pressure as the ink drains out of my skull. I go to scream, but find that my voice is already hoarse. My heart pounds with every word, every stroke, every single passing thought that simply must escape. My heart swells anew with emotions with each and every thought. It is all at once euphoric, and hateful, and bitter, and cathartic, and biting. I choke back sobs that threaten my dexterity - my hand must stay steady. Across my arm, my veins writhe and bulge with the sheer volume of ink. My grip wrings tighter with every pulse of ink. My fingertips scream out for every lost drop of ink. This is overwhelming. I am drowning. All of my senses are flooded with pain, melancholy, and screaming, and I must write.
" %}

{% include collapsible.html title="Page 3" content="
I wonder how long I have been here. How long have I been writing, seething, weeping? Minutes? Hours, somehow? Perhaps only a few very long seconds? I could not say. I will not lift my focus from the page to check, though, lest I bleed false again and waste more ink. That would not do. I wonder similarly, though perhaps with more distress, how much longer I must stay here. How long? How long must I endure this? I do not wonder, though, for my health. So long as the ink courses through me, it will sustain me. Though I am safe in this condition, it is not a blessing. I wonder why I asked for this. Did I consider the cost? The stress? The pain?

No, I couldn’t have. I was stupid. I thought I could bear it. My heartache grows more sore as my headache grows yet sharper. My skin crawls. My hair stands on end. I feel shivers of cold. More than that, I feel shudders of dread. I choke back more sobs. My breathing quickens and my script starts to waver. My head is spiraling. My heart rate quickens, and with it my emotions turn even more volatile. My breaths continue to shallow as I gaze at my arm pulsing with ink-dark veins. I watch the ink bleed from my fingertips. I feel it piercing my skin. My stomach turns, and my vision starts to" %}